docs(concepts/auditing): Add description of BSR (#3428)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/auditing.mdx

Boundary creates the top-level directory of the BSR as `<sessionID>.bsr`. This top level directory contains session summary information and subdirectories for connections.

> ![BSR top-level directory](/img/session-recording-bsr-top-level.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Screenshot of a BSR top-level directory](/img/session-recording-bsr-top-level.png)](/img/session-recording-bsr-top-level.png)
```

A BSR connections directory contains a summary of connections, as well as inbound and outbound requests.

> ![BSR connection-level directory](/img/session-recording-bsr-connection-level.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Screenshot of a BSR connection-level directory](/img/session-recording-bsr-connection-level.png)](/img/session-recording-bsr-connection-level.png)
```

If you use a multiplexed protocol, there are subdirectories for the channels.

> ![BSR channel-level directory](/img/session-recording-bsr-channel-level.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Screenshot of a BSR channel-level directory](/img/session-recording-bsr-channel-level.png)](/img/session-recording-bsr-channel-level.png)
```

    │   │   ├── SHA256SUM.sig
    │   │   ├── channel-recording-summary.json
    │   │   ├── channel-recording.meta
    │   │   ├── messages-inbound.data
    │   │   ├── messages-outbound.data
    │   │   ├── requests-inbound.data
    │   │   └── requests-outbound.data
    │   ├── connection-recording-summary.json
    │   ├── connection-recording.meta
    │   ├── requests-inbound.data
    │   └── requests-outbound.data
    ├── cr_W53Y93bB78.connection
    │   ├── SHA256SUM
    │   ├── SHA256SUM.sig
    │   ├── chr_uVVuUITnVn.channel
    │   │   ├── SHA256SUM
    │   │   ├── SHA256SUM.sig
    │   │   ├── channel-recording-summary.json
    │   │   ├── channel-recording.meta
    │   │   ├── messages-inbound.data
    │   │   ├── messages-outbound.data
    │   │   ├── requests-inbound.data
    │   │   └── requests-outbound.data
    │   ├── connection-recording-summary.json
    │   ├── connection-recording.meta
    │   ├── requests-inbound.data
    │   └── requests-outbound.data
    ├── pubKeyBsrSignature.sign
    ├── pubKeySelfSignature.sign
    ├── session-meta.json
    ├── session-recording-summary.json
    ├── session-recording.meta
    ├── wrappedBsrKey
    └── wrappedPrivKey
```

> ## Validating the Integrity of Session Recordings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate the integrity of session recordings
```

BSR directories are validated based on the contents in the directory.
Boundary cryptographically verifies each individual Boundary Session Recording (BSR) file. The keys used for verifying all

> Boundary Session Recording files are written to storage and are wrapped by your configured KMS. Each Session Recording will
> have its own individual key. The following keys will be generated when a Session Recording is authorized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boundary Session Recording files are written to storage and are wrapped by the KMS you configured. Each session recording has its own individual key. Boundary generates the following keys when a session recording is authorized:
```

> - BSR Key: AES-GCM used for signing the public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BSR key: An AES-GCM that is used for signing the public key.
```

> - Private/Public key pair: ed25519 key pair.  Private key is used to sign BSR files: initially the public key and the BSR checksums file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Private/public key pair: ed25519 key pair.  A private key is used to sign the public key and the BSR checksums file. 
```

> The BSR’s key and the derived key-pair will be written to storage beside all the other BSR files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BSR’s key and the derived key-pair are written to storage with all the other BSR files.
```

Encrypting the BSR key with an external KMS means that Boundary is not responsible for the longevity of the keys.

> The Boundary admin can always use that external KMS they control to decrypt BSR keys. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Boundary admin can always use that external KMS to decrypt BSR keys. 
```

> A BSR’s key will be encrypted using the `go-kms-wrapping` package and therefore the encrypted BlobInfo will include the metadata required to identify the key-version used during encryption,
> so if the wrapper is reinitialized properly; the keys can be unwrapped even if the key has been rotated.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A BSR’s key is encrypted using the `go-kms-wrapping` package, and therefore the encrypted BlobInfo includes the metadata required to identify the key-version used during encryption.
So if the wrapper is reinitialized properly, you can unwrap the keys even if the key has been rotated.  
```

> Users can use `go-kms-wrapping` independently from Boundary to unwrap the BSR keys as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `go-kms-wrapping` independently from Boundary to unwrap the BSR keys as needed.
```

> Each BSR directory contains a SHA256SUM and SHA256SUM.sign file that can be used to cryptographically verify the BSR directory's contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each BSR directory contains a SHA256SUM and SHA256SUM.sign file that you can use to cryptographically verify the BSR directory's contents.
```

The SHA256SUM file contains rows of file names paired with a checksum for the file contents.
The SHA256SUM.sign is a copy of the SHA256SUM file, signed with the BSR's private key.

> An example of the SHA256SUM file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following example of a SHA256SUM file:
```

   ```
   dc8ce2c42553ce510197c99efe21d89d6229feb4b49170511f49965f2e3cf1a3  wrappedBsrKey
   a5a91b1b52fb53c4bab661b2e5846bb2a836f050e3d745e436078871914a0bc2  wrappedPrivKey
   1ca281852ec0d447b94708f28a51b562d47b84affdba25e13a97b0fbd9126424  pubKeyBsrSignature.sign
   7b5e18e5930bb4cce12a3f203328d9065cae29f26aba3963bb5faece2cf97231  pubKeySelfSignature.sign
   dc7c6b1316624c7c486a22bab157f947df92b9f2ce4a72469b1f335399a043d5  bsrKey.pub
   4d3966c458f4e5d67f9ac70b804540b927c718965267c3f36526bf0b18c40ad9  session-meta.json
   6fec2173d331828677fb5e77fc19168daad3c5f0e82517a82e5701e6c2bdcbe1  session-recording.meta
   ad76483e7cf3e65391a3a1d0b86a3ad436333ee225bea042b13900abc188b226  session-recording-summary.json
   ```

> Workers will use these keys to sign BSR data as follows:
> 
> - The BSR key will be used to sign the public key using `go-kms-wrapping` package HmacSha256(...)
> 
> - The private key will be used to sign the public key using `go-kms-wrapping` package ed25519.Sign(...)
> 
> - The private key will be used to sign the BSR SHA256SUM file using `go-kms-wrapping` package ed25519.Sign(...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers use these keys to sign BSR data as follows:

- The BSR key is used to sign the public key using `go-kms-wrapping` package HmacSha256(...)

- The private key is used to sign the public key using `go-kms-wrapping` package ed25519.Sign(...)

- The private key is used to sign the BSR SHA256SUM file using `go-kms-wrapping` package ed25519.Sign(...)
```

> Workers will use these keys to verify BSR data as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers use these keys to verify BSR data as follows:
```

> - The BSR key or the private key can be used to verify the public key using `go-kms-wrapping` HmacSha256(...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use the BSR key or the private key to verify the public key using `go-kms-wrapping` HmacSha256(...)
```

> - Once verified, the public key can be used to verify the BSR SHA256SUM file using `go-kms-wrapping` ed25519.Sign(...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once verified, you can use the public key to verify the BSR SHA256SUM file using `go-kms-wrapping` ed25519.Sign(...)
```

> ## Validating the Data Integrity in the External Object Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate the data integrity in the external object store
```

> When a Boundary worker is uploading a BSR file to AWS S3 through the Boundary AWS Plugin, the worker calculates the SHA256 checksum of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Boundary worker uploads a BSR file to AWS S3 through the Boundary AWS plugin, the worker calculates the SHA256 checksum of the
```

> contents of the BSR file and attaches this information to the object that is uploaded to S3. The stored SHA256 checksum value can now be used
> to validate the contents of the BSR file when downloading it from AWS S3 through the Boundary AWS Plugin. This process ensures that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contents of the BSR file and attaches this information to the object that is uploaded to S3. You can now use the stored SHA256 checksum value to validate the contents of the BSR file when you download it from AWS S3 using the Boundary AWS plugin. This process ensures that
```

Reviewer 2: The user doesn't have access to the SHA256 checksum value when using the Boundary AWS plugin to download a BSR file. I think if I change `You can now use the stored SHA256 checksum value` to `The worker can now use the stored...` 

Users can access the SHA256 checksum value of each BSR file if they access it directly from S3 and not through Boundary.

Reviewer 2: Does this make more sense?
```
When a Boundary worker uploads a BSR file to AWS S3 through the Boundary AWS plugin, the plugin calculates the SHA256 checksum of the
contents of the BSR file and attaches this information to the object that is uploaded to S3. The SHA256 checksum value attached to the
S3 object is returned to the Boundary worker. The Boundary worker will calculate the SHA256 checksum value of the BSR file's content from
local disk and compare it to the plugin value. This process ensures that no tampering of BSR files occurs between the worker, plugin, and S3.
The SHA256 checksum value generated by the plugin is not a part of the BSR file structure and should not be confused with how Boundary
cryptographically verifies BSR directory's contents.
```

Reviewer: Yes! I think that's much more clear. 👍

        "EgressWorkerFilter": "",
        "IngressWorkerFilter": "\"pki\" in \"/tags/type\"",
        "EnableSessionRecording": true,
        "StorageBucketId": "sb_vqn871JdQf"
    },
    "Worker": {
        "PublicId": "w_ogOQt0rsuQ",
        "Version": "0.13.0",
        "Sha": ""
    },
    "StaticHost": null,
    "DynamicHost": null,
    "StaticJSONCredentials": null,
    "StaticUsernamePasswordCredentials": [
        {
            "PublicId": "credup_gdzeB5UWJv",
            "Name": "",
            "Description": "",
            "Username": "username",
            "PasswordHmac": "PasswordHmac,
            "Purposes": [
                "injected_application"
            ],
            "CredentialStore": {
                "PublicId": "csst_agwIT97uZ7",
                "ProjectId": "p_7Qe46uNMYX",
                "Name": "ssh static store",
                "Description": "SSH Static Cred store"
            }
        }
    ],
    "StaticSshPrivateKeyCredentials": null,
    "VaultGenericLibraries": null,
    "VaultSshCertificateLibraries": null
}
```

`session-recording.json` file example:

```
id: sr_iNCdGSREeX
protocol: BSSH
connection: cr_3bB78W53Y9.connection
```

> `SHA256SUM` and `SHA256SUM.sig` files are to be used for cryptographically verifying the contents of this directory.
> For more information on `*.sign`, `bsrKey.pub`, `wrappedBsrKey`, and `wrappedPrivKey` files, refer to the [Validating the Integrity of Session Recordings](#validating-the-integrity-of-session-recordings) paragraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHA256SUM` and `SHA256SUM.sig` files are used for cryptographically verifying the contents of this directory.
For more information on `*.sign`, `bsrKey.pub`, `wrappedBsrKey`, and `wrappedPrivKey` files, refer to [Validating the integrity of session recordings](#validating-the-integrity-of-session-recordings).
```

### BSR Connection folder

```
└── cr_W53Y93bB78.connection
    ├── SHA256SUM
    ├── SHA256SUM.sig
    ├── chr_uVVuUITnVn.channel
    ├── connection-recording-summary.json
    ├── connection-recording.meta
    ├── requests-inbound.data
    └── requests-outbound.data
```

`connection-recording.meta` file example:

```
id: cr_W53Y93bB78
requests: outbound
requests: inbound
channel: chr_uVVuUITnVn.channel
```

`connection-recording-summary.json` file example:

```
{
  "Id": "cr_W53Y93bB78",
  "ChannelCount": 1,
  "StartTime": "2023-07-13T20:21:49.164105381Z",
  "EndTime": "2023-07-13T20:22:37.241911112Z",
  "BytesUp": 125,
  "BytesDown": 748,
  "Errors": null
}
```

`*.data` files are binary files containing all data transmitted during a session.

> `SHA256SUM` and `SHA256SUM.sig` files are to be used for cryptographically verifying the contents of this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHA256SUM` and `SHA256SUM.sig` files are used for cryptographically verifying the contents of this directory.
```

### BSR Channel folder

```
└── chr_uVVuUITnVn.channel
    ├── SHA256SUM
    ├── SHA256SUM.sig
    ├── channel-recording-summary.json
    ├── channel-recording.meta
    ├── messages-inbound.data
    ├── messages-outbound.data
    ├── requests-inbound.data
    └── requests-outbound.data
```

`channel-recording.meta` file example:

```
id: chr_uVVuUITnVn
channelType: session
messages: outbound
requests: outbound
messages: inbound
requests: inbound
```

`channel-recording-summary.json` file example:

```
{
  "ChannelSummary": {
    "Id": "chr_uVVuUITnVn",
    "ConnectionRecordingId": "cr_W53Y93bB78",
    "StartTime": "2023-07-13T20:21:49.230916214Z",
    "EndTime": "2023-07-13T20:22:37.229379944Z",
    "BytesUp": 125,
    "BytesDown": 748,
    "ChannelType": "session"
  },
  "SessionProgram": "shell",
  "SubsystemName": "",
  "ExecProgram": "",
  "FileTransferDirection": "not applicable"
}
```

`*.data` files are binary files containing all data transmitted during a session.

> `SHA256SUM` and `SHA256SUM.sig` files are to be used for cryptographically verifying the contents of this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SHA256SUM` and `SHA256SUM.sig` files are used for cryptographically verifying the contents of this directory.
```

## Validate the integrity of session recordings

BSR directories are validated based on the contents in the directory.
Boundary cryptographically verifies each individual Boundary Session Recording (BSR) file. The keys used for verifying all

> Boundary Session Recording files are written to storage and are wrapped by the KMS you configured. Each session recording 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boundary Session Recording files are written to storage and wrapped by the KMS you configured. Each session recording 
```

has its own individual key. Boundary generates the following keys when a session recording is authorized:

> - BSR key is a plaintext AES-GCM key. (This is not uploaded to the external object store)
> 
> - Private and Public key pair is a ed25519 key pair. (The key pair is not uploaded to the external object store)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The BSR key is a plaintext AES-GCM key. It is not uploaded to the external object store.

- The private and public key pair is a ed25519 key pair. The key pair is not uploaded to the external object store.
```

The following files are stored in the BSR file structure to ensure the integrity of a session recording:

> - `bsrKey.pub` is the Public ed25519 key.
> 
> - `wrappedBsrKey` is the BSR key wrapped by the external KMS AES-GCM key configured by you.
> 
> - `wrappedPrivKey` is the Private ed25519 key wrapped by the external KMS AES-GCM key configured by you.
> 
> - `pubKeySelfSignature.sign` is a self-signature of the plaintext Public ed25519 key created with its Private key.
> 
> - `pubKeyBsrSignature.sign` is a signature of the plaintext Public ed25519 key created with the BSR key.
> 
> - `SHA256SUM.sig` is a signature of the plaintext `SHA256SUM` file created with the Private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bsrKey.pub` is the public ed25519 key.

- `wrappedBsrKey` is the BSR key wrapped by the external KMS AES-GCM key that you configure.

- `wrappedPrivKey` is the private ed25519 key wrapped by the external KMS AES-GCM key that you configure.

- `pubKeySelfSignature.sign` is a self-signature of the plaintext public ed25519 key created with its private key.

- `pubKeyBsrSignature.sign` is a signature of the plaintext public ed25519 key created with the BSR key.

- `SHA256SUM.sig` is a signature of the plaintext `SHA256SUM` file created with the private key.
```

Encrypting the BSR key with an external KMS means that Boundary is not responsible for the longevity of the keys.
The Boundary admin can always use that external KMS to unwrap the `wrappedBsrKey` and `wrappedPrivKey`.

> A BSR’s key is encrypted using the `go-kms-wrapping` package, and therefore the encrypted BlobInfo will includes the metadata required to identify the key-version used during encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A BSR’s key is encrypted using the `go-kms-wrapping` package, and therefore the encrypted BlobInfo includes the metadata required to identify the key-version used during encryption.
```

Each BSR directory contains a SHA256SUM and SHA256SUM.sig file that you can use to cryptographically verify the BSR directory's contents.
The SHA256SUM file contains rows of file names paired with a checksum for the file contents.
The SHA256SUM.sig is a copy of the SHA256SUM file, signed with the BSR's private key.
Refer to the following example of a SHA256SUM file:

   ```
   dc8ce2c42553ce510197c99efe21d89d6229feb4b49170511f49965f2e3cf1a3  wrappedBsrKey
   a5a91b1b52fb53c4bab661b2e5846bb2a836f050e3d745e436078871914a0bc2  wrappedPrivKey
   1ca281852ec0d447b94708f28a51b562d47b84affdba25e13a97b0fbd9126424  pubKeyBsrSignature.sign
   7b5e18e5930bb4cce12a3f203328d9065cae29f26aba3963bb5faece2cf97231  pubKeySelfSignature.sign
   dc7c6b1316624c7c486a22bab157f947df92b9f2ce4a72469b1f335399a043d5  bsrKey.pub
   4d3966c458f4e5d67f9ac70b804540b927c718965267c3f36526bf0b18c40ad9  session-meta.json
   6fec2173d331828677fb5e77fc19168daad3c5f0e82517a82e5701e6c2bdcbe1  session-recording.meta
   ad76483e7cf3e65391a3a1d0b86a3ad436333ee225bea042b13900abc188b226  session-recording-summary.json
   ```

> You can follow these steps to validate a session recording:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to validate a session recording:
```

> 1. Unwrap `wrappedBsrKey` using the external KMS configured by you to retrieve the BSR key.
> 2. Unwrap `wrappedPrivKey` using the external KMS configured by you to retrieve the Private key.
> 3. Use the BSR key or the Private key to verify the `bsrKey.pub` key using `go-kms-wrapping` HmacSha256(...)
> 4. Once verified, you can use the `bsrKey.pub` key to verify the BSR SHA256SUM file using `go-kms-wrapping` ed25519.Sign(...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Unwrap `wrappedBsrKey` using the external KMS you configured to retrieve the BSR key.
2. Unwrap `wrappedPrivKey` using the external KMS you configured to retrieve the private key.
3. Use the BSR key or the private key to verify the `bsrKey.pub` key using `go-kms-wrapping` HmacSha256(...)
4. When the key is verified, use the `bsrKey.pub` key to verify the BSR SHA256SUM file using `go-kms-wrapping` ed25519.Sign(...)
```

## Validate the data integrity in the external object store

When a Boundary worker uploads a BSR file to AWS S3 through the Boundary AWS plugin, the plugin calculates the SHA256 checksum of the
contents of the BSR file and attaches this information to the object that is uploaded to S3. The SHA256 checksum value attached to the

> S3 object is returned to the Boundary worker. The Boundary worker will calculate the SHA256 checksum value of the BSR file's content from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
S3 object is returned to the Boundary worker. The Boundary worker calculates the SHA256 checksum value of the BSR file's content from
```

> local disk and compare it to the plugin value. This process ensures that no tampering of BSR files occurs between the worker, plugin, and S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local disk and compares it to the plugin value. This process ensures that no tampering of BSR files occurs between the worker, plugin, and S3.
```

The SHA256 checksum value generated by the plugin is not a part of the BSR file structure and should not be confused with how Boundary

> cryptographically verifies BSR directory's contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cryptographically verifies the BSR directory's contents.
```
